# Express.js Server Project

Best practice directory structure

## Folder-Structure

    server
    ├── public
    │   ├── data
    ├── src
    │   ├── controller
    │   ├── models
    │   ├── routers
    │   ├── services
    │   ├── main.ts
    ├──  .env.example
    ├──  .gitignore
    ├──  nodemon.json
    ├──  package.json
    ├──  pnpm-lock.yaml
    ├──  README.md

- _public_: This is typically used to store static files in an Express.js application.
  - _data_: This folder contains the data served by JSON-Server.
- _src_: This is where the source code of your application lives.
  - _controller_: This directory contains all the controller functions that handle requests and responses.
  - _models_: This directory contains all data models or schemas used in the application.
  - _routers_: This directory contains all middleware router functions using the controller.
  - _services_: This directory contains all route handlers used in the application.
  - _main.js_: This is the main entry point of your application.
- _.env.example_: This file lists all the environment variables that the application needs to run.
- _.gitignore_: This file tells git which files it should not track or maintain a version history for.
- _nodemon.json_: This file lists settings for nodemon.
- _package.json_: This file lists the packages your project depends on.
- _pnpm-lock.yaml_: This file is automatically generated for any operations where pnpm modifies either the node_modules directory or package.json.
- _README.md_: This file contains information about your project and how to use it.
